The first rays of dawn filtered through the mist shrouding the Kingdom of Caleenia, and with them spread the rumor of a terrible truth, King Pharian has mysteriously vanished, leaving his devout subjects and the royal family fearing from the worst and ready to spare no efforts finding their benevolent ruler and avenging him if necessary.
The responsibility of carrying out the investigation laid on the shoulders of his only son, next in line for the Crown, Prince Ardian, 26 years of age, who like the vast majority of his kind was a religious person, very attached to the traditions and lore of Caleenia, highly esteemed and admired by everyone for his bravery, swordsmanship and sociability. 
His first reaction was to find his sister Princess Tharia, 4 years his junior, to assign her with the task of finding any clues in the King's quarters and in the whole castle, interrogating the servants on the events that occured the previous night after the King and everyone retired to their rooms for a well deserved good night of sleep after the weekly Saturday feast.
Tharia was a more discreet and brilliant mind rather than a fighter, regarded as a quite peculiar character, a lone wolf by nature, who even appeared less interested in religion, which was very unusual and not to the townsfolk's liking, even though there was no doubting her allegiance to the Caleenia, she shared a strong and loving bond with her brother and father, and her sharp thinking was indeed the best fit to carry out this task.
As Tharia was heading to the quarters, Ardian pondered on what to do next, riding immediately his loyal Shadowfax to search for any clues leading to the their father's trail, he could ask the servants to let Tharia know she can send him a letter to the Nightstalker's Inn a day's ride from here, that's where he would be headed and would stay for the night if he finds no clues on the way.
Or he could go upstairs with her to check the King's quarters and assess the situation, maybe they could find a clue or some information which would point them in a certain direction, but who knows how long that might take, time is of the essence, since King Pharian was in his quarters at night, he may not be far just yet.

1. Go outside immediately to look for clues.
2. Go upstairs and assess the situation with Tharia.
